# Project Name

Job Tracker - Personal

## Description

Job Tracker is a personal project developed in Python that helps users track their job applications. It makes use of Streamlit, Pandas, and Matplotlib to create a user-friendly interface, manipulate data, and generate visualizations.

The application built with Streamlit allows users to create submission forms, navigate through different pages, and cache data for their session. This provides a seamless and interactive experience for users while tracking their job applications.

Data is stored locally within an SQLite database, enabling users to store and manage their own data securely. SQLite is a lightweight and self-contained database system that does not require a separate server, making it convenient for personal use.

Pandas, a powerful data manipulation library, is used to handle and process the job application data. It allows users to perform various operations such as filtering, sorting, and aggregating the data to gain insights into their job search.

Matplotlib is employed to create visualizations from the processed data. Users can generate charts, plots, and graphs that provide a visual representation of their job application progress and trends.

## Technologies Used

- Streamlit
- Pandas
- Matplotlib
- Python
- SQLite

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/camerondawkins0/job-tracker.git

2. Install the required dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt

3. Start the application:

streamlit run app.py

## Usage

1. Access the application through the provided URL or localhost.
2. Fill out the submission forms with your job application details.
3. Navigate through different pages to view and manage your job applications.
4. Explore the visualizations generated by the system to gain insights into your job search progress.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please submit an issue or a pull request to the GitHub repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
